I don't think I'll ever get used
to putting my finger up a water
bug famous hey buddy
hi I'm apologizing it's one less
thing you have to be to the
local we want to know what
effect the animals are having on
this ecosystem and to do that I
have to know what they're eating
to find out what they're eating
i have to look at their group of
pellets she's when you get a
pickle stuff we don't mess
around
just want to be as thorough as
possible in Gorongosa National
Park most of the wildlife was
wiped out during the Mozambique
and civil war you want to start
on the measurements and I'll
water back on the other hand
have become 10 times more
abundant than they were before
the Civil War
if we want to understand why the
water back or doing so well we
have to know what their daily
lives are like the best way to
do that is not just collecting
fruit but also these Crittercam
colors little movie it generally
takes us less than 10 minutes to
go through the whole process and
then administer the reversal
drug so they wake up right away
you know if you were abducted by
aliens and you don't really
remember any of it
imagine that's how I water but
feels after this is barry how
much was still in there for me
again when the animal wakes up
and walks off the color you'll
start logging their GPS
locations and the cameras will
start shooting video it's giving
us a totally unprecedented view
of life as a water buck